1. When I go to become a ta, let's teach the people how to make a the music app but with a simple gui

2. I wonder if we can reach out to the highschool to talk to children interested in computer science 

3. I think we should learn how the computer works in a way to program our own parent blocker

4. Webscrap course catalog, linked in and finance with chat gpt helper bot 

5. We can webscrape/automate our finances and we can either webscrap every week or maybe bankofamerica offers an export of finances every week which we can use 

6. Put this up on github and ask people if they would like to talk about it 

7. Make a program that can get though captchas, that's impossible?? 

8. Projects from youtube often have github repos and make great bases for greater and cooler projects. I wonder if I can look into the projects that other people have created off a youtube video and look into that youtubers community discord or something. 

9. Web scrapping is a form of data mining! So that's what Akcam does! 
10. Can I make a random program that connects to chat gpt? Like if i go on my IDE would it be possible to ask a question to chat gpt from there? Like hey ask chat gpt how its doing and give me back the answer? 

11. We can write the functions ourselves with our own knowledge then ask chat gpt how we can add matplotlib, seaborn, pandas or numpy 

12. I'd like to learn how to hack one day, frick i wish i explored more during my freshman year

13. Add content creators to my site

14. django is still a bit confusing to me with how we utilize models and our own logic, maybe we can use chatgpt to help guide us through a simple project like getting user input numbers and graphing them or like adding them or seomthing that involved classic python

15. So i guess well spend the rest of summer doing the following: we have about 6 weeks so lets timeline this all out: 
This is all being completed within a month to grasp the topics not master them, that is what the remainder of my college learning will be for

Week 1: ML Specialization
Week 2: ML/DL Specialization
Week 3: DL Specialization
Week 4: QM/QC
Week 5: QML YT
    Good Resources Could Be:
    1. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFDbO0CZFto
        Notes: No one knows why machine learning works. What?
    2. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lbndu5EIWvI
    3. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QtWCmO_KIlg&list=PLmRxgFnCIhaMgvot-Xuym_hn69lmzIokg
    4.

Week 6: Django + Finish Portfolio

16. Luis von Ahn - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P6FORpg0KVo - So i just watched this video because I wonder if anyone else has ever been in the situation of internet addiction and I wonder how they fought and got through it. The title of this video was "How to Make Learning as Addictive as Social Media" and the video wasn't an exact solution to my problem, but it did give me a great idea. Luis says that a learning app on your phone looks like brocolli next to desert (tiktok, instagram, etc). But he made the brocolli taste like desert by making it feel like a game and setting reminders. Something I have been doing is memorizing algorithms like bubblesort, the syntax for linked lists implementation and many more. I set sometime everyday to implement any algorithm from a blank file from memorization, but It's a little lame its hard sometimes to get yourself to do it. Its not nessesary, but I think it'd be great and very helpful to make a django application that gives you a random prompt: "Implement selection sort" from a list of algorithms and there'd be a stats page for a streak number, maybe customization of a charcter idk, something gamy and trackable. I think this phycologically would help people want to practise algorithms. This is a great idea I hope I can finish this project by the end of the year. --> But is it more beneficial to work on something that you hate? To build that willpower? I don't know. Goggins and Huberman seem to lean towards the latter.

17. Dr. K (HealthyGamerGG) - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZKNRXuZWYYg&t=5s - Live your life as if you are a different person spawning in everyday into your body and your goal is to try and make the situation better for the guy who'll play the game tomorrow. Why? Well because... --> I feel like im looking for some advice or hack but the simple answer is that there is none (david's idea) but idk let me keep thinking. 

18. I am a massive procrasitator, and addicted to dopamine. But I am trying to get better. I'll share my story soon and hope I can help other students at stevens or just random people. --> I'm on youtube rn looking for someone with a simlar story and understanding their struggle. 

19. How do you meditate?

20. I want to rent out my book for free during the year at stevens and itd be cool to make an application or program to track whos got my book and for how long

21. The way to quit bad habits isn't to restrict yourself from them, but to free yourself from them. Being aware of them always and changing your thoughts about them.

22. Make my own easy peasy poster, their's are kind of confusing

23. Write out the character you want to be, write a list of things to not do the believes that won't lead you to this new identity

-- Why do you want to work hard? -- The consequences of not working hard

24. A program that lets people sign up to have lunch with a teacher 

25. Montecarlo tree search - prompt engineering

26. Books are the way to go lets try those out right now

27. Ill look into hacakthons and get some people to join me:
    luma is a meetup site 
    devpost is a good place to find hackathons, id like to attend an irl one 
    MLH is a great place to find hackathons, there is one that will be held in nyc this october i hope i can find a team for it! - They also have hack weeks avaliable where students can learn about certain topics, really cool!
    https://ghw.mlh.io/
    Hackathons: 
    https://www.columbiadivhacks.org/ - In person - Oct 5
    https://mlh.io/seasons/2025/events - find some online ones
    https://2024-motion-ai-fluenstech.devpost.com/?ref_feature=challenge&ref_medium=discover - Online - Aug 6 - Motion AI
    https://devpost.com/hackathons?challenge_type[]=online&order_by=recently-added&status[]=upcoming - find some hackathons
    https://lu.ma/n24m5l80 - Ai event
    https://www.cooperativeimpactlab.org/ai4org - Ai hackathon
    Maybe I can find out who at stevens is really into hackathons and ask them how they stay in the loop 

    28. CS Club ideas:
        What is our budget? how much of that is used for the event at the end of the year? 

        1. Saying hello to everyone and telling the freshman what theyve signed up for, so we have about an hour for all this okay, why? well because people like thinking about the future and they'd like to know whats going on with college whats this thing all about? 
            - Hello everyone we are cs club!
            - Introduce the e-board 
            - Talk about events we've had in the past.
            - Talk about how its great to build friendships 
            -------- That can take 10 minutes
            - We can have a slideshow and stuff 
            - This meeting well be telling you about our experiences in the CS program and tell you what you'll be in for 
            
            - We can have 4 12.5 minute sessions for each year of the cs program, or we could have 6 9 minute sessions for each year including masters and phd, but the latter can probably be its own thing... 

            for (int i = 0; i <= 4 ; i++){
            - We can have 2 or 3 or so older kids sitting in some chairs in the front
            - 3 min tell everyone what the year is about what topics are learned etc
            - every kid in front tells their short story about that year 2 min each or so 
            - 3 or 2 minutes for questions 
            }

            - so we do that for every year, and then we close by saying thanks for coming to cs club and we give away stickers and ask people to stay and talk to the e-board or with eachother. We could set up a table with stickers, water and snacks that we'd reveal at the end, in honor of marco we will talk after club meets 

            - Shout out some stuff 

            - Cool 

            - We can even try and record it so students who weren't able to make it can still get introduced to us. Do we have a website we can put it on? 

        1.5 Hey it'd be cool if every cs - type club can pitch in some funds for a large networking event. Food here, 

    

        3. Maybe general adivce giving just the e-board and special guests giving their general advice to the audience for an hour with q/a type of deal as well 
            - My advice would be geared towards freshman, but im sure other grades could benefit from joshes and sabah talking and anna and zak 

        4. Should we make our own hackathon? 

        5. Headshots / mock interviews / practice behavorial questions/ resume building all in one day 

        6. Guest speakers are always interesting maybe professors, maybe a research team on campus, maybe one of you know a recuritor whatever! 

        Question : Anna there is this ACM chapter for UIUC. ACM is the umbrella organization for special interest groups. does acm give money to these groups, how does this work? How has ACM worked in the past? 

        7. Can we get a connection with the highschool?

        
28. That one idea i told the fellowship guys about career path

29. build a discord or groupchat for students who want to build projects together or attend hackathons together or just do your own hackathon just cuz lol

30. Itd be great to do videos or something like top5, skits, how to, day in the life, day 1 out of 100 for something, trending audios, i would definately do a day in the life i remember i was looking for a video like that when i was choosing colleges!!!

31. Does stevens do hackathons? Even like chill unofficial ones,

SCSC: I bet we can rizz up some teachers into being judges for a hackathon that involve whatever, we can get some yum yum and some prizes, oh wait thats our final sesh we need more money!!!!

32. Should we create a linked in for SCSC? Thats the only social media i use and probably where people would rather see professional content like scsc topics

33. Im coming to the understanding that to do these hackathon things, you'd have to understand a lot of topics and connecting them all together is the magic. Yasin here, says that a software engineer can do it all, interesting. He reccomends understanding the following concepts: 
    - Html/css 
    - Javascript/Bootstrap
    - React/NextJS
    - Firebase
    - TypeScript/ExpressJS
    - OpenAI/StripeAI
    - Deploy API Server
    - AWS amazon
    - Vectors/Langchain
    - Traditional ML
He also reccomends that we build a project per each skill and ethen you end up connecting the dots and understand how they all work together

34. Next year my skills in each of these categories will be destructive, I plan on forming an avenger squad to destroy this fellowship next year and get that internship at whatever company they partner with

35. These are exciting projects wwozies 

36. I saw a studing advice where you would re-write notes at the end of the day, lets try that out during classes that sound sneat

37. Can I run linked in computer science club what email do i use to make an account?

38. Dig into ACM! 

39. Wait what was anna talking about with data

40. What did you guys think about the class reccomendation thing i did on election night?

41. I liked the project showcase thing there were a lot of people there i remember who werent normal attendees 

42. Get feedback on how CSCS CLUB 

43. I can create a calendar and people add subscribe to it and its in their google calendars 

44. We can all put posters around campus, we need a budget for printing them jason balls can do that 

45. Contact 2021 people and ask how did they get their members o up